Add state management page (#10318)
flutter/website: src/get-started/fwe/state-management.md

    final response =
        await get(Uri.parse('https://myfluttercounterapp.net/count'));
    if (response.statusCode != 200) {
      throw ('Failed to update resource');
    }

    return CounterData(int.parse(response.body));
  }

  Future<CounterData> updateCountOnServer(int newCount) async {
    // ...
  }
}

```

This model does not use any Flutter primitives or make any assumptions
about the platform it's running on,
its only job is to fetch or update the count using its HTTP client.
This allows the model to be implemented with a Mock or Fake in unit tests,
and defines clear boundaries between your app's low-level components and the
higher-level UI components needed to build the full app.

The `CounterData` class defines the structure of the data
and is the true "model" of our application.
The model layer is typically responsible for the core algorithms
and datastructures needed for your app.
If you are interested in other ways to define the model
such as using immutable value types,
check out packages such as [freezed](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed)
or [build_collection](https://pub.dev/packages/built_collection) on pub.dev.

### Defining the ViewModel

> A `ViewModel` is what binds the _View_ to the _Model_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `ViewModel` binds the _View_ to the _Model_.
```

> It protects the model from being accessed directly by the View,
> and ensures that data flow starts from a change to the model,
> which is handled by the ViewModel,
> which notifies the View that something changed (using `notifyListeners`).
> The ViewModel is like a waiter in a restaurant
> that handles the communication
> between the kitchen (model) and the customers (views).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It protects the model from being accessed directly by the View,
and ensures that data flow starts from a change to the model.
Data flow is handled by the ViewModel, which uses `notifyListeners`
to inform the View that something changed.
The ViewModel is like a waiter in a restaurant
that handles the communication
between the kitchen (model) and the customers (views).
```

when it receives an error from the Model.
This protects the View from unhandled runtime errors,
which could lead to a crash.
Instead, the `errorMessage` field
can be used by the view to show a user-friendly error message.

### Defining the View

Since our ViewModel is a `ChangeNotifier`,
any widget with a reference to it can use a `ListenableBuilder`
to rebuild its widget tree
when the ViewModel notifies its listeners:

```dart
ListenableBuilder(
  listenable: viewModel,
  builder: (context, child) {
    return Column(
      children: [
        if (viewModel.errorMessage != null)
          Text(
            'Error: ${viewModel.errorMessage}',
            style: Theme.of(context)
                .textTheme
                .labelSmall
                ?.apply(color: Colors.red),
          ),
        Text('Count: ${viewModel.count}'),
        TextButton(
          onPressed: () {
            viewModel.increment();
          },
          child: Text('Increment'),
        ),
      ],
    );
  },
)
```

This pattern allows the business logic of your application
to be separate from the UI logic
and low-level operations performed by the Model layer.

## Learn more about state management

> There are many ways to organize and manage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page touches the surface of state management as
there are many ways to organize and manage
```

the state of your Flutter application.
If you would like to learn more, check out the following resources:

> * Article: [List of state management approaches](https://docs.flutter.dev/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Article: [List of state management approaches]({{site.url}}/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options)
```
